.ig
Copyright (C) 2022 Charles Atkinson

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.\" No adjustment (ragged right)
.na
.TH wireguard_client_admin 5 "19 Dec 2022" "Auroville" "Version 1v0.0"
.SH NAME
wireguard_client_admin \- configuration for wireguard-kit's wireguard_client_admin script
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBendpoint=\fIserver_hostname>\fB:\fIport\fR
.br
\fBnetwork=\fInetwork_address\fR
.br
\fBserver_ip_addr=\fIip_address\fR
.br
\fBserver_conffile=\fIconffile_path\fR
.br
\fBserver_pubkey=\fIstring\fR
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This man page describes the wireguard_client_admin configuration file format
.SH OPTIONS (file format)
Lines beginning with #, empty lines and lines containing only spaces and tabs are ignored.
.br
Line syntax is: \fIname\fB=\fIvalue\fR
.TP
\fBendpoint=\fIserver_hostname>\fB:\fIport\fR
.RS
.P
The WireGuard server endpoint.  The port is conventionally 55820
.RE
.TP
\fBnetwork=\fInetwork_address\fR
.RS
.P
The WireGuard network address such as 172.17.0.0/16.  The port is conventionally 55820
.RE
.TP
\fBserver_ip_addr=\fIip_address\fR
.RS
.P
The WireGuard server's WireGuard address such as 172.17.0.1
.RE
.TP
\fBserver_conffile=\fIconffile_path\fR
.RS
.P
The WireGuard server's WireGuard configuration file.  Conventionally /etc/wireguard/wg0.conf
.RE
.TP
\fBserver_pubkey=\fIstring\fR
.RS
.P
The WireGuard server's WireGuard public key.  The content of /etc/wireguard/vpn-server-public.key
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
/etc/wireguard/wireguard_client_admin.conf
.SH AUTHOR
Charles Atkinson wireguard-kit@charlesmatkinson.org
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwireguard_client_admin\fR(8),
.br
The wireguard-kit user guide,
installed in /usr/share/doc/wireguard-kit
